func: app page (#4536)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/azure-func.md

# func

> > Azure Functions Core Tools lets you develop and test your functions on your local computer from the command prompt or terminal.
> > Your local functions can connect to live Azure services, and you can deploy a function app to your Azure subscription.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Azure Functions Core Tools: Develop and test Azure Functions locally.
> Local functions can connect to live Azure services, and can deployed a function app with an Azure subscription.
```

> > More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local>.

Reviewer 2: remove the i18n from the URL:
```suggestion
> More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local>.
```

- Create a new functions project:

`func init {{project}}`

- Create a new function:

`func new`

- Run functions locally:

`func start`

> - Publish your local code to a function app in Azure:

Reviewer 2: We don't use `app` as acronym.
Is not called `Azure Function`? like this:
```suggestion
- Publish your local code as an Azure Function:
```

Reviewer: @navarroaxel: It depends on the language that's used in the ecosystem from which the command originates. In this case, a [function app appears to be an official thing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-function-app-portal).

Also note that generally we try to avoid the 2nd person (e.g. `you`, `your`, etc) in tldr-pages :slightly_smiling_face:

What about this?
```suggestion
- Publish local code to a function app in Azure:
```

`func azure functionapp publish {{function}}`

- Download all settings from an existing function app:

`func azure functionapp fetch-app-settings {{function}}`

> - Get the Connection string for a specific storage account:

Reviewer: Is `Connection supposed to be capitalised here?
```suggestion
- Get the connection string for a specific storage account:
```

> `func azure storage fetch-connection-string {{storageAccount}}`

Reviewer: We generally prefer snake case. 
```suggestion
`func azure storage fetch-connection-string {{storage_account}}`
```
